Chilling Tales for Dark Knights.
[Music]
Want to make sure you never miss a
Chilling Tales for Dark Knights video
again? Be sure to subscribe and hit that
bell to turn on notifications.
>> It's time to turn off the lights and
turn on the dark.
Chilling tales for dark knights.
[Music]
Good evening, listeners, and welcome to
Chilling Tales for Dark Knights. I'm
your host, Steve Taylor. Tonight's tale
isn't set in some forgotten asylum or
among dusty tombstones at midnight. No,
this one begins under the hum of neon
lights with the smell of frier grease on
the sea breeze. On a boardwalk where
tourists laugh, gulls scream, and the
ocean stretches out like it has nothing
to hide. But sometimes the tide doesn't
just bring in shells and driftwood.
Sometimes it carries back the things
that should have stayed buried.
If this is your first visit to our
haunted shore, welcome. Pull up a chair,
grab some popcorn shrimp if you dare,
and don't forget to follow us on
Spotify, subscribe on YouTube, and leave
us a five-star review on Apple Podcasts,
or wherever you listen. It's the easiest
way to keep the show alive and to help
us keep feeding the beasts behind the
curtain. And for those who just can't
get enough, join our growing horde of
patrons at chillingtalesford
darknights.com.
For just $7.99 a month or less with an
annual plan, you'll get ad free
episodes, early access, and exclusive
tales too terrifying to release on the
free feed. Want more Nightmares in
Between episodes? Follow us on Facebook,
Instagram, and Twitter. We're always
there watching the waves.
Now then, hold tight to your crab
mallets and keep your eyes on the water
because when the claws come clicking,
you'd better hope you're not on the
menu.
Tonight's story is a monstrous delight.
An over-the-top blend of seaside
nostalgia, viral ambition, and good
old-fashioned creature feature mayhem.
It comes to us from writer Wade
Kingsley, who reminds us that the ocean
is vast, merciless, and full of secrets
better left untasted.
Our feature tonight is performed by a
full cast of Chilling Tales veterans.
Jeff Sturdivant in the lead with Otis
Gyrie, Christopher Drape, Nick Gorov,
Kevin Barbarie, Olivia Steel, Katie
Uton, and yours truly rounding out the
carnage. So grab your butter warmers,
crack those shells, and prepare yourself
for a feast of fear. Without further
ado, I give you The Claw Apocalypse
by Wade Kingsley.
The town smelled like brine and frier
oil, mix that hit Ethan Carter's nose
the moment he stepped off the bus.
He adjusted the strap of his duffel and
scanned the boardwalk stretching ahead
of them. All weatherbeaten planks and
peeling paint. The kind of place where
every storefront promised. The best
lobster roll on the coast and
sunbleleached letters. This, said Tyler
Banks, striding past him with his
sunglasses already on despite the
overcast sky is where the magic happens.
I can feel it. I'm going to meet at
least two brunettes, one blonde, and
maybe a red head by Thursday. Ethan
rolled his eyes. You're here for women.
I'm here for views. Your priorities are
all messed up, man. No, Ethan said,
holding up his phone like a trophy.
>> My priorities are monetized. The red
recording light blinked on.
>> Day one of the Big Mouth Seafood Tour.
>> Tyler groaned and kept walking.
The boardwalk was busy for early spring.
Families with strollers, old couples
walking tiny dogs and matching sweaters.
Sunburned locals leaning against the
railings with fishing rods. A salty wind
rattled the colorful flags strung
between light poles.
Seagulls circled overhead, crying like
they were trying to outco compete the
arcade music drifting from an open door.
Ethan kept his phone angled to catch it
all. His subscribers, nearly half a
million now, would expect something
picturesque,
something that made them all wish they
were here, surrounded by fried food
stands and ice cream shops, the ocean
slapping gently at the peer pilings
below.
Tyler, of course, was already scanning
the crowd for anything in a short skirt.
They passed a sagging poster stapled to
a telephone pole. Annual Sea Monster
Festival, one week away.
The faded illustration showed a
cartoonish green creature with claws and
a grin. Ethan snorted, "Small town
marketing at its finest."
>> An old man in a yellow rain slicker
shuffled past, muttering something Ethan
didn't catch. Tyler grinned, "Bet he's
seen the monster." Beyond the boardwalk,
past the trinket shops and candy stores,
the ocean spread wide and gray.
Far down the shoreline, a high chainlink
fence jutted out into the water, crowned
with razor wire and warning signs that
flashed orange in the dull light.
"What's with that?" Ethan asked.
"Military base," Tyler said without
looking. "Read about it on the bus.
Apparently top secret. You know, lasers,
aliens, the unredacted Epstein files.
Probably fishing for mutant squid or
something. Sounds like clickbait. Tyler
shrugged.
A gust of wind whipped at them as they
reached their motel.
Two stories of peeling teal paint. Neon
vacancy sign sputtering in the window. A
few doors down. A dockside restaurant
advertised all you can eat crab legs and
looping script.
Ethan grinned.
>> First stop. Tyler smirked.
>> Now you're speaking my language.
>> They dumped their bags and within
minutes were walking back toward the
docks, the scent of steaming seafood
leading them like a trail. Neither
noticed the fisherman leaning against
the pier railing, his weathered eyes
following them.
He spat over the edge into the water
where something faintly luminescent
shifted just below the surface.
[Music]
The place was called Captain Sal, the
kind of dockside restaurant where the
floorboards creaked and the decor seemed
trapped in the mid80s.
fishing nets on the walls, plastic
lobsters hanging from the ceiling,
framed photos of grinning anglers
holding up enormous catches.
The air was thick with steam and the
tang of Old Bay seasoning.
They were seated near a window
overlooking the pier.
From here, Ethan could see the gray
water slashing against the pilings.
Out on the horizon, a faint fog bank
clung to the surface, swallowing the
base fence from view.
A waitress with tired eyes and a voice
like gravel dropped menus in front of
them.
>> "Special snow crab tonight,"
>> she said, tapping a laminated card
before walking away without waiting for
their order.
Tyler leaned back, scanning the room.
>> "I love how they don't even bother
asking what you want. Just here's the
crab. Take it or leave it, Ethan
smirked.
>> Works for me. Content gold, my man.
>> He'd already taken out his phone,
narrating in a cheerful YouTuber voice.
We're about to dive into some authentic
seaside crab straight from the the
kitchen door swung open. A chef emerged
carrying a metal tray big enough to
serve a family of six.
The thing lying on it wasn't just large.
It was wrong.
Its shell was pale, almost milky white,
marbled with faint gray streaks.
Here and there, the surface caught the
light in a translucent shimmer like the
skin of a jellyfish.
The legs curled inward as if in pain,
and the whole body gave off a faint
glow, just enough to make the shadows
underneath it twitch strangely.
Tyler frowned.
>> "Tell me that's the light reflecting off
it." The waitress set the tray down
between them.
"Crack!
Crack! Crack!"
The sound was so faint, Ethan thought it
might be the cooling of the shell
until it happened again in a sharper
rhythm, like something inside was
shifting. Uh,"
>> Ethan said, eyeing the crab wearily.
>> "Cooked crab doesn't usually
make noise,"
>> the waitress didn't answer. She was
already halfway to another table.
Tyler grabbed the crackers. "Don't be a
baby. This is the stuff legends are made
of."
>> They got to work, Tyler humming
tunelessly as he cracked open the first
leg.
steam rose carrying a briny scent
stronger than it should have been.
Ethan hesitated before biting in. The
texture was off. The flesh was too
chewy, almost rubbery, with a faint
metallic tang that made his tongue
prickle.
Tyler swallowed a mouthful and grimst.
Tastes like it was boiled in a car
battery.
>> Ethan coughed and grabbed his water.
Yeah, this is crack. They both froze.
The sound was definitely coming from the
crab's body.
>> I'm done,
>> Ethan said, pushing his plate away.
>> Nope. Not worth food poisoning,
>> Tyler cracked another leg.
>> Come on, you can't wimp out halfway.
You're the eating contest champ. Not
with something that's still making
noise.
>> The crab's faint glow seemed brighter
now.
The shadows under its shell shifting
again, almost like breathing.
Tyler leaned in. Is it
looking at me? Ethan stood. I'm tossing
it. What? Seriously dead serious? They
carried the tray out onto the pier. The
breeze was colder here, the scent of
diesel and salt clinging to it.
A few yards away, tourists ambled by
with ice cream cones and fried clams.
A couple leaned against the railing,
watching gulls dive for scraps.
Ethan set the tray on the rail as the
crab glowed faintly. "Bonvoyage, freak,"
he muttered, tipping the tray over the
edge.
The body tumbled over the edge and hit
the water with a muffled splash.
For a second, it just floated there,
pale and motionless. Then it began to
sink, its illumination fading as it
disappeared into the merc. "Creepy as
hell," Tyler said, brushing his hands.
"Creepi as clicks," Ethan replied,
already thinking about the video title.
They turned to head back inside, neither
of them noticing the fisherman from
earlier. Standing further down the pier,
eyes fixed on the ripples where the crab
had vanished.
Beneath the water, the glow flared once,
red bleeding into its light before
receding again.
[Music]
By the time they left Captain Sal, the
boardwalk had changed.
The wind had picked up, tangling Tyler's
hair and rattling the metal signs that
hung over the storefronts.
The air smelled sharper, more like
seaweed than frier grease, and the light
had shifted into that strange blue gray
just before full dark.
They ducked into the rusty anchor, a
narrow bar squeezed between a bait shop
and a taffy store.
It was the kind of place that didn't
bother with music. Just a low hum of
conversation and the clink of glasses.
Nets hung from the rafters dotted with
yellow buoys and a couple of fake crabs
that seemed like someone's idea of a
joke.
Tyler ordered beers without asking
Ethan, then turned to chat up the two
women sitting next to them.
Ethan was scrolling through his video
footage, half listening, until a rough
voice spoke from directly behind them.
"You boys reading down at Sals."
>> Ethan turned.
It was the fisherman from the pier,
still in his yellow slicker.
His skin was weathered leather, and his
eyes were pale blue, almost milky.
He slid onto the stool beside Ethan
without waiting for an invitation.
>> "Yeah,"
>> Ethan said slowly.
>> "Why?"
>> The man took a sip from his glass before
answering.
>> "Ain't wise to eat crab from the waters
they fish in."
>> Tyler leaned around the women.
>> "What's wrong with them? You know
something we don't?" "Plenty, I know you
don't,"
>> the man said.
>> "They've been pulling crabs out of the
inlet by the base. That's no ordinary
water. Been foul for years. Military
don't dump trash where you could see it.
They do it all out there behind the
fence. Chemicals, waste, and worse
things.
>> Ethan raised an eyebrow. Like what
exactly? The man's gaze didn't waver.
>> They say they're working on weapons.
Weapons don't fire bullets. Weapons that
crawl, swim, and bite. Things that glow
in the dark and don't stop moving when
you kill them. Folks go missing out
there. You won't read that on no sign.
>> Tyler grinned.
>> So, you're telling me our dinner might
have been a government experiment?
>> The fisherman didn't smile back.
>> I'm telling you, if you threw one back,
you'd best hope it sank deep, deeper
than it can climb. He finished his
drink, slid off the stool, and left
without another word.
Ethan glanced at Tyler. "You think he's
serious?"
>> Tyler shrugged. "If he is, at least
we've got a good story for your
channel."
>> Outside, unseen, the tide pulled back
hard against the pilings,
carrying something pale and glowing
toward the shallows.
The motel's neon sign sputtered in the
damp night air, casting sickly green
light across the cracked parking lot.
Their room was on the second floor
facing the ocean. Inside, Tyler was
sprawled across his bed with a beer,
shoes still on, while Ethan sat at the
small desk uploading his earlier
footage. You realize, Tyler said between
sips, "If that fisherman was right, that
we basically ate part of a top secret
boweapon tonight." Ethan didn't look up.
>> Yeah, and that weapon tasted like wet
pennies, and I want a refund.
>> Just then, the clicking sound came from
outside.
Soft but deliberate, like someone idally
tapping two pieces of metal together.
It carried through the thin glass of the
sliding balcony door.
Ethan froze mid keystroke. You hear
that? Tyler muted the TV. The clicking
grew louder, joined by the faint scrape
of something hard dragging across wood.
"See," Tyler said, though he didn't
sound convinced.
Ethan got up and slid the curtain aside.
The balcony was bathed in moonlight, the
rail casting thin shadows across the
warped planks.
At first, he didn't see anything.
Then, his eyes caught a pale shimmer in
the corner near the door frame.
The thing crouched there wasn't the crab
they'd tossed earlier.
It was bigger now, half again the size.
Its shell was no longer just pale, but
almost translucent with veins of faint
red pulsing beneath the surface.
And in the center of the torso, where
the joint plates should have met,
was a face,
not a crab face, but something humanlike
and distorted.
Its eyes glowed red in the moonlight,
and its mouth was little more than a
jagged crescent lined with carnivore's
teeth, the kind no crustation should
have.
The clicking came from its claws,
opening and snapping shut in a slow,
rhythmic pattern.
Ethan stumbled back. Tyler. Tyler came
over, took one look, and swore. That's
our crab.
>> How can you tell for sure? Ethan asked.
>> That thing tasted like it smelled, he
replied. And I can smell it from here.
>> The thing lunged at the glass, the
impact rattling the door in its track.
It hissed, a wet gurgling sound. Then
raised one claw and scraped it down the
glass, leaving a gouge.
Then it began pressing against the door.
claws working the handle. "Get something
heavy!" Ethan shouted.
Tyler grabbed a chair and jammed it
under the handle just as a lock began to
rattle.
The crab's glow brightened, its face
twisting into a grin before it backed
away, still clicking, and climbed onto
the railing.
It stared at them for a long moment,
then dropped soundlessly out of sight.
They waited, breathing hard, straining
to hear its movements.
Somewhere below, they heard a faint
splash.
Tyler sagged against the wall.
>> We're definitely not telling anyone
about this.
>> Ethan shook his head, still staring at
the door.
>> No, we're filming it next time.
The next morning, the motel smelled
faintly of bleach and burnt coffee.
Ethan was at the sink, splashing water
on his face, replaying the image of the
crab's glowing eyes in his head.
Tyler sat on his bed, scrolling through
his phone, looking far too calm for
someone who'd had a mutant crustation at
his door a few hours ago.
>> "Check this out,"
>> Tyler said, turning the screen toward
him. Local news. People are saying
something attacked the beach last night.
>> The grainy video clip showed a group of
fishermen hauling in nets under the pier
when the water around them seemed to
boil.
The camera jerked as they shouted and
for a second a pale manylegged shape
scrambled up onto a dock, scattering
fish across the planks before vanishing
into the shadows.
The feed cut to a shot of an empty pier
littered with cracked shells.
Ethan's stomach sank.
>> That's not a something. That's our crab.
>> Before Tyler could answer, sirens wailed
in the distance.
They stepped out onto the balcony.
Down the road, two police cruisers tore
past toward the harbor, lights flashing.
The boardwalk was buzzing. Not with
tourists, but with people running in the
opposite direction of the water.
They hurried toward the docks, weaving
through the crowd. Somewhere ahead,
someone screamed.
When they reached the seaw wall, Ethan
stopped cold.
The beach was crawling.
Dozens, no, hundreds of crabs scuttled
across the wet sand. Their shells all
the same unnatural pallet as the one
they'd eaten, but smaller.
Among them were lobsters. Their antenna
twitching like feelers in the air and
shrimp the size of a man's forearm,
leaping in arcs over the writhing mass.
All moved with a single purpose,
streaming toward the boardwalk steps in
coordinated waves.
And leading them was their crab.
It was larger again, at least 4 feet
across now, with claws like rusted
sides.
The face in its torso had fully formed,
skin stretched tight over bone-like
ridges, eyes glowing brighter than the
sunlight on the water, its mouth hung
open in a jagged grin, teeth slick and
sharp.
It didn't just move, it directed.
It paused to wave a claw. And the swarm
shifted in unison, splitting to climb
over peer pilings in the seaw wall.
The sound was deafening. Thousands of
legs ticking and scraping over wood and
concrete. "Jesus," Tyler muttered,
backing up. They're organized. Ethan
pulled out his phone instinctively,
recording as the first wave of crabs
poured onto the boardwalk.
They scrambled over benches, up
lamposts, and into trash cans.
A man trying to run tripped, and within
seconds they were on him, claws
snapping.
He screamed, flailing before
disappearing under a wriggling tide of
shells and legs.
Tyler grabbed Ethan's arm.
>> We're not staying out here.
>> They bolted toward the nearest open
storefront, a souvenir shop, but a
lobster the size of a Rottweiler burst
through the doorframe ahead of them,
snapping its claws with enough force to
splinter the wood.
They turned, sprinting down an alley
between a bait shop and a shuttered
diner.
The clicking followed.
They emerged onto a back street and
almost collided with a small group of
panicked locals carrying baseball bats
and fishing gavs.
One of them, a burly guy in a
bloodstained apron, pointed toward the
harbor. They're everywhere. Get inside
before they surround you. Where's safe?
Ethan shouted.
>> Fish pocket, brick walls, cold storage.
They don't like the cold.
>> That was enough for them.
Together with the locals, they fought
their way down the street, smashing at
stray crabs that scuttled from under
cars and storm drains.
A shrimp latched onto Tyler's leg. He
yelled and kicked it into a wall,
leaving a smear of greenish fluid.
The fish market loomed ahead, its wide
front door still open. The smell of ice
and brine rolled out, mingling with the
metallic tang of crab blood.
Inside, the space was dim, lit by
flickering fluorescents.
Metal table stood in neat rows. Some
piled high with fish on crushed ice,
others holding trays of lobsters and
muscles.
>> "Lock it!"
>> The apron man barked as they barreled
in.
The heavy door slammed shut and for a
moment the world outside seemed to fade.
But then came the sound. First faint and
then growing of hundreds of claws
ticking against the pavement outside.
The lock clicked into place and for the
first time since they'd hit the
boardwalk, Ethan let out a breath.
The fish market smelled sharply of salt,
fish guts, and disinfectant.
Metal shutters had been pulled halfway
over the display windows, leaving just
enough gap to see the flicker of
movement outside.
The sound of claws on concrete hadn't
stopped. It was a constant, a low
insectlike rattle that made the hairs on
the back of Ethan's neck rise. Don't
touch the windows,
>> said the man in the apron, setting down
his gaff hug.
>> Name's Vic. Family owned this market
since before I was born. We're not going
to let a bunch of mutant crabs trash it.
>> From behind the counter, a young woman
in a heavy sweater stepped out, wiping
her hands on a towel.
She was maybe in her mid20s with her
dark hair pulled back into a loose
ponytail and an expression on her face
that said she'd already seen more than
enough today.
>> "This is Marina,"
>> Vic said.
>> "My niece, she's the one who thought of
the cold storage."
>> Merina gave them a curt nod.
>> "They won't go near the freezer. I don't
think they can handle the temperature
drop. Not sure how long it'll keep them
out here, though." Tyler perked up
immediately, leaning casually against
the counter.
>> "Well, I've got to say, Marina, you're
doing an amazing job keeping this place
together in the middle of
whatever the hell this is."
>> Marina didn't even blink.
>> "Thanks." And you are
>> Tyler, survivor, protector, crab killer
extraordinaire.
>> He flashed what he probably thought was
a charming grin.
From the back room came another figure,
a tall blonde in a zip-up hoodie. Her
cheeks pink from the cold. She carried a
bucket of ice like it weighed nothing.
>> "This is Jess,"
>> Marina said.
Tyler's grin widened.
>> "The pleasure's all mine."
>> Jess glanced at him, unimpressed, and
set the bucket down with a thud.
>> You two bring this mess with you.
>> Ethan started to say no, then caught
Tyler's look. Maybe,
>> he admitted,
>> "We uh ate part of one and tossed the
rest in the water. It came back,"
>> Marina crossed her arms.
>> "So, this is your fault." "Got it."
>> "Hey,"
>> Tyler said defensively.
>> "Nobody told us the crab was from some
government mutant pond."
>> Outside, something slammed against the
front door. The metal shuddered.
Marina walked over to peer through the
gap in the shutters.
>> "They're testing the weak spots,"
>> she muttered.
>> "There's more of them gathering."
>> Ethan joined her, phone in hand. The
swarm was thicker now, claws, shells,
and antenna writhing in the narrow
street.
He spotted the larger crab moving
through them like a general among
soldiers, its face twisting into a grin
when it turned toward the market.
>> They're not going anywhere,
>> Ethan said quietly.
>> Neither are we,
>> Marina replied.
>> So, unless you've got a plan, get
comfortable.
>> The next half hour was tense yet
strangely domestic.
Vic hauled in crates from outside and
stacked them against the doors while
Marina inventoried the walk-in freezer.
Jess sharpened a fillet knife with slow,
steady strokes,
ignoring Tyler's attempts to strike up a
conversation.
The claws outside never stopped tapping.
Sometimes the sound rose into a frenzied
rattle, followed by a dull thump against
the shutters.
Other times, it was just a slow,
purposeful scrape that made everyone's
skin crawl.
Finally, Tyler broke the silence.
>> We can make a run for it. Grabbed the
truck and
>> Marina cut him off.
>> The street's crawling with them. You'd
never make it past the first block.
>> Jess didn't look up from her knife.
>> Besides, where would we go? They're not
just here. They're in the water. The
docks, the beach. We're boxed in.
>> Tyler glanced at Ethan.
>> Okay, so
plan B.
>> Ethan thought for a long moment and then
said,
>> "The fisherman at the bar." He said,
"These things are from the base, right?
Maybe there's a way to."
>> His sentence was cut short by a
deafening crash.
One of the display windows exploded
inward, scattering shards of glass
across the tile.
A halfozen pale crabs poured through the
gap, legs clattering, claws snapping.
Vic swung his gaff, hooking one and
flinging it against the wall hard enough
to crack its shell.
Ethan grabbed a nearby crab mallet and
brought it down on another, feeling the
sickening crunch reverberate up his arm.
Jess was already moving, her knife
flashing as she stabbed at a lobster,
dragging itself over the counter.
Tyler let out an unmanly yell, but
managed to grab a pair of metal tongs,
snapping them shut around a crab's neck
joint and hurling it into a display
case.
In seconds, the invaders were down,
their bodies twitching on the tile.
Outside, the swarm reacted, claws
clicking faster and more angrily.
The big crab pulsed bright red.
Ethan looked at the others.
>> This isn't a siege. This is a warning.
Something worse is coming. I I can feel
it.
>> What do you propose we do about it,
then?
>> Tyler asked. The twitching crabs on the
market floor were still warm when Ethan
replied,
>> "Okay, hear me out. What if we boil
them?
>> Arena blinked.
>> You want to eat the things trying to
kill us?
>> Jess wiped her knife clean on a rag.
>> Pretty sure that's how this started.
>> No, Ethan said, holding up a finger.
>> I don't mean we eat them. Listen, this
started because the thing was still
alive when we tossed it. If we cook them
first, steam, boil, fry, and make sure
they're really done for. Dead. Dead.
They're not crawling out. Tyler's eyes
lit up. Oh my god. Let's do it. This is
going to do great with your audience.
I've already got a title. Get this. The
claw apocalypse.
We're so going viral, bro.
>> Marina gave him a look sharp enough to
cut bait.
>> That's your takeaway from this. internet
clout.
>> Vic, who had been silent, suddenly
grinned.
>> Hold on. Plan's not bad. It might just
work. We got propane burners set back,
big steamers. Could crank them up and
boil them all to death as they come in.
The idea took root fast.
Within minutes, they had dragged a
battered propane burner to the center of
the market floor. The hiss of the flame
filling the room.
Vic hefted a steel pot the size of a
trash can onto it and began filling it
with sea water from a hose, adding
handfuls of salt for flavor.
[Music]
The next wave of crabs broke through the
shattered window before the pot even
reached a boil.
Marina and Jess handled the first few
with knives and gaff hooks while Ethan
and Tyler grabbed them by the legs,
yanking them into a growing pile near
the burner. Careful, Vic barked.
It became a Macob assembly line.
Catch, toss, boil. Catch, toss, boil.
The pot steamed like a witch's cauldron.
The smell of cooking crab mingling with
the tang of propane.
The sizzle and pop of shells bursting
under the heat was drowned out only by
the furious clacking outside.
They worked like that for over an hour,
steadily thinning the swarm each time it
breached the market. The floor was slick
with water, shell fragments, and crab
juice. And the air had grown stifling
from the constant steam.
Every so often, a larger than average
crab, or even a lobster, would crash
through, only to be speared, boiled, and
picked apart.
But the big one never came inside.
It stayed in the street, circling, its
red glow brightening each time one of
its soldiers died.
Ethan could feel it watching them, its
claw tapping as if it were counting
down.
>> "We're making a dent,"
>> Tyler said.
>> "I think they're getting scared."
>> Jess shook her head.
>> "They're not scared. They're just
regrouping." As if on cue, the tapping
of the claw outside stopped entirely.
The sudden silence was worse than the
noise.
Everyone froze listening.
Then came the sound of something heavy
dragging along the pavement accompanied
by a deep resonant clicking that rattled
the metal shutters.
Marina's face went pale.
>> That's not an ordinary crab. Vic's
knuckles whitened on his gaff.
>> "No, that's the boss."
>> The dragging sound outside slowed, then
stopped just beyond the shattered front
window.
The silence stretched long enough for
Ethan to feel the heat from the burner
on his face and the cold from the
freezer at his back.
Then the metal shutters began to rise
slowly as if something far stronger than
human hands was lifting them.
Claws hooked under the edges, forcing
the slats upward with a metallic shriek.
Through the widening gap, a glow spilled
into the market, red and moist, like
light refracted through blood.
When the shutters reached waist height,
the crab stepped through.
It was no longer the awkward, sickly
thing they'd tossed from the pier. This
was a monster.
The translucent shell was now thick and
riged like armor, veins pulsing beneath
it, feeding muscle that bulged
grotesqually between the plates.
The claws were each the size of Ethan's
torso. the tips worn to jagged points.
And in the middle of that broad,
glistening chest plate was the face,
fully formed now with cheeks stretched
over jutting bone ridges, a nose that
had sunk into a bony slit, and a mouth
lined with overlapping rows of canine
teeth.
Its eyes glowed like coals fixed on
Ethan as the creature stepped forward.
Each movement sent a ripple through the
swarm behind it as though they were
physically tethered to its will.
Smaller crabs poured into the room
around its legs, but it ignored them,
pushing deeper into the market with a
scraping gate. "Holy hell," Vic
muttered, gripping his gaff so tight his
knuckles went white.
The big crab raised one claw and brought
it down on a display table. The wood
splintered with a deafening crack, fish
spilling onto the wet tile.
Marina yanked Jess back before another
swipe could take her head off.
Tyler scrambled behind the burner.
>> Uh, so plan B. We have a plan B, right?
>> Ethan kept his eyes on the crab. We
still have heat.
Just need to get it close enough. The
boss crab seemed to understand the
threat.
It skirted the burner entirely, stepping
sideways like a prize fighter circling
prey.
Its claws worked in that same deliberate
tapping rhythm. And each tap was
answered by the swarm, pressing harder
against the market walls. The building
creaked under the pressure.
Jess darted forward and slashed at one
of its legs, scoring a shallow cut.
The crab's face turned toward her, lips
peeling back in a snarl that exposed far
too many teeth.
It swung a claw, splintering another
table where she'd stood a heartbeat
before.
>> "They're inside on the left,"
>> Marina shouted.
Ethan turned to see a tide of smaller
crabs pouring through a crack in the
rear wall and tenna twitching.
The boss didn't move to join them.
Didn't have to.
It just stood there in its shattered
front window, filling the room with its
glow and its stench, letting the swarm
do its work.
And then with a sudden guttural hiss, it
charged.
It was faster than anyone expected.
One moment the boss crab was at the
shattered front window. The next it was
plowing through the fish market like a
wrecking ball, scattering tables and
crates with each sweep of its claws.
Vic swung his gaff at its face, but the
claw caught the shaft and snapped it in
two. The broken wood clattered across
the wet tile as Vic dove behind the
freezer door.
Marina grabbed a broom handle and jabbed
it into the boss crab's eyes. It didn't
blind it, but the creature shrieked. A
high metallic screech that rattled the
glass cases.
The swarm outside seemed to answer,
pounding harder against the walls.
Ethan ducked behind the propane burner.
brains scrambling for any way to get the
monster over the boiling pot. "Tyler!"
he shouted. "Get it in close. And what
do I look like? A crab whisperer?"
>> Tyler yelled back, hopping over a fallen
crate to avoid a claw swipe.
The monster turned toward him, teeth
bared in its chest face.
It lunged, and Tyler did the only thing
he could think of. He grabbed the giant
industrial crabcracker from the prep
table.
The thing looked like a medieval torture
device. Two 4-foot steel arms connected
by a heavy hinge.
Tyler swung it open, planted his feet,
and waited until the crab's claw came
down in another bone rattling strike.
At the last second, he shoved the claw
between the cracker's jaws and slammed
it shut with all his weight.
The hinge groaned. The crab screeched,
thrashing, but the cracker held, pinning
the massive claw in place.
Tyler clung to the handles, legs braced,
swearing through gritted teeth. I got
it. I think I got it. Oh god, I
definitely got it. Hold it, Ethan
roared.
He and Jess rushed forward, each
grabbing a side of the pot.
Steam hissed in their faces as they
heaved it off the burner, sloshing near
boiling water across the tiles.
The crab saw it coming and tried to
wrench free, but Tyler's grip, born of
true adrenaline and terror, held just
long enough.
Ethan and Jess tipped the pot, sending a
wave of scalding water over the crab's
torso.
It howled, legs scrabbling wildly
against the tile.
Steam poured off its shell, carrying the
smell of cooked seafood and something
fowler underneath.
Marina didn't hesitate. She shoved with
all her strength, tipping the crab
sideways into the burner frame.
The pot toppled the rest of the way
over, dumping the remaining boiling
water straight into the thing's chest
face.
The hiss was deafening. The crab
convulsed, the glow in its eyes
flickering wildly before going dark.
Around the market, the smaller crabs
froze mid-motion,
then scattered in every direction,
skittering for cracks and broken
windows.
The boss crab twitched once more, then
collapsed, claws slack in the ruined
cracker.
Tyler let go and stumbled backward,
chest heaving. See, told you I could
take it. Ethan pointed to the phone
mounted on the counter, still recording.
>> Yeah, the whole internet's going to see
you screaming like a toddler.
>> Editing, Tyler said, holding up a
finger. Editing is a thing.
>> By the time the sun crested the horizon,
the streets outside the fish market were
littered with shells, broken claws, and
puddles of brackish seawater.
The smell of salt, diesel, and cooked
crab hung heavy in the air.
Ethan leaned against the shattered
doorway, filming the scene for his
channel. Smoke still curled from the
burner inside, and steam drifted lazily
from the cooling carcass of the boss
crab.
In the pale morning light, it still
looked grotesque,
but far less impressive.
Police cruisers idled at the end of the
street, their officers standing back as
if the wreckage was contagious.
A few reporters had arrived, snapping
pictures, but keeping a weary distance.
The locals who'd fought through the
night were clustered near the seaw wall,
trading tired nods and muttered thanks.
Marina and Jess emerged from the back
room, arms crossed, both looking more
exhausted than victorious.
A sleeve of Marina's sweater was
shredded.
Jess had a smear of crab juice drying in
her hair.
Tyler, leaning against the counter with
a bandaged forearm, was already spinning
the story for the two young women who
had braved the morning chaos to poke
their heads in. "And there I was, face
to face with this crustation the size of
a golf guard," he said, flexing the arm
that wasn't bandaged. "One claw in the
cracker, one swinging wildly, and I'm
thinking, this is it." But no, I held
on. I fought. One of the women nodded
politely. The other was scrolling on her
phone.
>> Sure you did,
>> Marina said flatly as she passed.
Ethan turned his phone toward Tyler.
>> Hey, you want to see the footage? It's
mostly you yelling, "Oh god, oh god, I'm
dying." While Jess saves her. Tyler
snatched the phone, eyes narrowing.
Outside, the mayor, a stout man in a
rumpled suit, was giving a statement to
the small knot of reporters.
>> An isolated incident, he said.
>> No cause for panic. The town remained
safe for residents and visitors alike.
Ethan rolled his eyes.
>> Yeah, safe if you don't count the killer
seafood.
>> The police began carting away the
carcass of the massive crab beast under
a tarp.
Two men in hazmat suits stood nearby,
quietly discussing something with the
uniformed officer.
They weren't from the local department.
Ethan caught the phrases base perimeter
and containment protocol before they
moved out of earshot.
Vic came up beside him, rubbing at the
bridge of his nose. Yeah, they'll clean
this up and act like it never happened,
but you can't scrub something like this
out of that ocean.
>> Ethan pocketed his phone. Good thing
I've got proof. Vic gave a humorless
chuckle.
>> Son,
sometimes proof just paints a target on
your back.
>> By midm morning, the boardwalk had been
swept clear.
Tourists were already trickling back in,
drawn by the novelty of storm damage and
the promise of discounted seafood.
Ethan posted his video on the walk back
to the motel. By the time they reached
their room, it had over 50,000 views.
Tyler collapsed on his bed.
>> See,
we're legends.
>> Ethan sat at the desk, refreshing the
view count. Yeah, but what if they
expect a sequel?
>> Miles offshore, the morning sun turned
the surface of the water into a blinding
sheet of gold.
A gray military salvage vessel rocked
gently in the swell. Its deck cluttered
with winches, diving gear, and sealed
crates.
Two divers, still dripping from their
ascent, wrestled a mesh recovery net
over the side of the boat.
Whatever was inside thrashed against the
ropes, sending up sprays of seawater
that glistened in the light.
A man in a black windbreaker marked with
no insignia crouched beside the hall,
pulling the mesh back just enough to
peer inside.
It wasn't a crab.
The creature was long and segmented. its
carropase, that same milky translucent
white one as the one Ethan and Tyler had
faced, but with spiny ridges that ran
down its length.
Its antenna twitched, tasting the air,
and its claws, smaller but needle sharp,
snapped frantically.
The man frowned.
>> "Lobster," "Sir," one of the divers
asked.
>> "This one's still alive." He reached
into the net and ignoring the twitch of
the creature's tail, flipped it onto its
back.
In the center of its underside, embedded
between plates was something no lobster
should have.
Two small glowing red eyes.
They stared up at him, unblinking.
The lobster's tail thumped once against
the deck, the sound sharp in the
stillness.
>> Secure it for transport,
>> the man ordered.
>> Crate 7B.
>> The crewman hesitated. Sir, the others
>> now.
>> They slid the lobster-like creature into
a reinforced container and clamped the
lid shut.
The man in the windbreaker straightened,
scanning the horizon toward the shore.
In the distance, the thin line of the
boardwalk was barely visible. The ferris
wheel, a faint silhouette against the
morning haze.
Behind him, another winch began to
whine.
A second recovery net broke the surface,
dripping and heavy.
This one bulged with movement.
The ropes strained against the weight as
whatever was inside shifted. A pale glow
radiating through the netting.
One of the divers muttered,
>> "Sir, I think there's more than one in
there."
>> The man didn't answer. He was still
staring at the shore.
Far below in the dark water where
sunlight died,
something enormous moved and its claws
began to click.
[Music]
That was the claw apocalypse by Wade
Kingsley. Performed by Jeff Sturdivvent
and featuring Otis Gyrie, Christopher
Drape, Nick Goroff, Kevin Barbarie,
Olivia Steel, Katie Oddton, and myself.
A vacation gone sideways. A seaside town
under siege and seafood that doesn't
just fight back, it organizes.
Wade's story takes the familiar comfort
of carnival lights and all you can eat
crab legs, then twists it into a
grotesque parade of claws, teeth, and
glowing eyes. It's creature horror with
a satirical bite delivered in waves
until you're gasping for air. If you
enjoyed Wade Kingsley's work tonight,
you'll find more of his terrifying tales
in the archives at chillingtales for
darknights.com as well as
creepypastastories.com.
Search his name and prepare to lose
sleep. And a special thanks to our cast,
especially our lead longtime
contributor, author extraordinaire, and
generally fantastic guy, Jeff
Sturdivvent. And of course, Chris, Nick,
and Kevin Goroff. And let's not forget
the ladies, Olivia and Katie. And last
but not least, me. If you're hungry for
more from these voices, be sure to check
out their other performances in our ever
growing library. And don't forget our
other programs, including Scary Stories
Told in the Dark, Drew Blood's Dark
Tales, Fear from the Heartland, and
Horror Hill are always waiting for you
wherever podcasts are found. It should
come as no surprise that we love our
jobs. But hey, somebody's got to do this
job right. Because after all, the dark
doesn't tell itself.
If tonight's tale made you swear off
seafood, or if you'll never hear the
sound of clicking claws the same way
again, do us a favor. Leave that
five-star review on Apple Podcast or
Spotify. Subscribe on YouTube. Ring the
bell and show the darkness you're not
afraid to stare it in the eye. And if
you want more horror like this early,
adfree and straight from the nether
depths, head over to chillingtales for
darknights.com and join the legion of
supporters who keep this show alive.
Follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and
Twitter for behindthescenes looks, sneak
peeks, polls, and the occasional warning
you won't want to ignore. Once again,
I'm Steve Taylor, and it's been my honor
guiding you through tonight's tale of
terror from below the Undertoe. Until
next time, turn off the lights and turn
on the dark. Sweet dreams, listeners.
Sweet dreams.
>> Chilling tales for dark nights.
[Music]